Created Procedure for Setting Up a Scaler (#1415)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.14/operate/setupscaler.md

   - The installation guide provides instructions for different installation methods (e.g., YAML, Helm charts, etc.). Choose the method that suits your needs.

3. **kubectl**:
   - The `kubectl` command-line tool is required to interact with your Kubernetes cluster.
   - Follow the [official kubectl installation guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/#kubectl) to install `kubectl` on your operating system.
   - Once installed, configure `kubectl` to communicate with your Kubernetes cluster by following the cluster-specific instructions provided by your Kubernetes setup.

## Step 1: Identify the Scaler You Need

KEDA supports various scalers that correspond to different event sources or triggers. Determining the right scaler is crucial for scaling your application based on the desired event source.

1. Visit the [KEDA Scalers documentation](https://keda.sh/docs/2.14/scalers/) and browse through the list of available scalers.
2. Identify the scaler that matches the event source you want to use for scaling your application. For example:

>    - If you want to scale based on incoming HTTP traffic, you would need the **HTTP scaler**.

Reviewer: We don't have any HTTP Scaler atm, the closest one is the HTTP Add-on which is in beta status atm. I'm not 100% if we should include here (at least without a note).
@tomkerkhove  @zroubalik ?

Author: @JorTurFer so How should i proceed ? remove it or add a note

Reviewer 2: @shubhusion add a note please

+++

> title = "Setupscaler"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title = "Setup Autoscaling with KEDA"
```

weight = 500

> description = "Procedure to Setup a Scaler in KEDA"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description = "Procedure to Setup a Autoscaling with KEDA"
```

   - The installation guide provides instructions for different installation methods (e.g., YAML, Helm charts, etc.). Choose the method that suits your needs.

3. **kubectl**:
   - The `kubectl` command-line tool is required to interact with your Kubernetes cluster.
   - Follow the [official kubectl installation guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/#kubectl) to install `kubectl` on your operating system.
   - Once installed, configure `kubectl` to communicate with your Kubernetes cluster by following the cluster-specific instructions provided by your Kubernetes setup.

## Step 1: Identify the Scaler You Need

KEDA supports various scalers that correspond to different event sources or triggers. Determining the right scaler is crucial for scaling your application based on the desired event source.

1. Visit the [KEDA Scalers documentation](https://keda.sh/docs/2.14/scalers/) and browse through the list of available scalers.
2. Identify the scaler that matches the event source you want to use for scaling your application. For example:

>    - If you want to scale based on incoming HTTP traffic, you would need the **HTTP Add-on**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - If you want to scale based on incoming HTTP traffic, you would need the [HTTP Add-on](https://kedacore.github.io/http-add-on/).
```
